https://github.com/chefhippie/account.git account
https://github.com/chefhippie/apt.git apt
https://github.com/chefhippie/backup2l.git backup2l
https://github.com/chefhippie/build.git build
https://github.com/chefhippie/bundler.git bundler
https://github.com/chefhippie/chrome.git chrome
https://github.com/chefhippie/conky.git conky
https://github.com/chefhippie/cronlist.git cronlist
https://github.com/chefhippie/database.git database
https://github.com/chefhippie/displaymanager.git displaymanager
https://github.com/chefhippie/docker.git docker
https://github.com/chefhippie/dropbox.git dropbox
https://github.com/chefhippie/dunst.git dunst
https://github.com/chefhippie/feh.git feh
https://github.com/chefhippie/git.git git
https://github.com/chefhippie/homeshick.git homeshick
https://github.com/chefhippie/hosts.git hosts
https://github.com/chefhippie/htop.git htop
https://github.com/chefhippie/i3.git i3
https://github.com/chefhippie/icecream.git icecream
https://github.com/chefhippie/imagemagick.git imagemagick
https://github.com/chefhippie/irssi.git irssi
https://github.com/chefhippie/java.git java
https://github.com/chefhippie/kernel.git kernel
https://github.com/chefhippie/kvm.git kvm
https://github.com/chefhippie/libicu.git libicu
https://github.com/chefhippie/libvirt.git libvirt
https://github.com/chefhippie/locales.git locales
https://github.com/chefhippie/motd.git motd
https://github.com/chefhippie/multimc.git multimc
https://github.com/chefhippie/mumble.git mumble
https://github.com/chefhippie/nano.git nano
https://github.com/chefhippie/network.git network
https://github.com/chefhippie/nodejs.git nodejs
https://github.com/chefhippie/ntp.git ntp
https://github.com/chefhippie/nvidia.git nvidia
https://github.com/chefhippie/openssh.git openssh
https://github.com/chefhippie/openssl.git openssl
https://github.com/chefhippie/osc.git osc
https://github.com/chefhippie/packer.git packer
https://github.com/chefhippie/parcellite.git parcellite
https://github.com/chefhippie/pidgin.git pidgin
https://github.com/chefhippie/python.git python
https://github.com/chefhippie/readline.git readline
https://github.com/chefhippie/ruby.git ruby
https://github.com/chefhippie/screen.git screen
https://github.com/chefhippie/skype.git skype
https://github.com/chefhippie/sqlite.git sqlite
https://github.com/chefhippie/sshkey.git sshkey
https://github.com/chefhippie/sublime.git sublime
https://github.com/chefhippie/sudo.git sudo
https://github.com/chefhippie/sysctl.git sysctl
https://github.com/chefhippie/thunderbird.git thunderbird
https://github.com/chefhippie/timezone.git timezone
https://github.com/chefhippie/users.git users
https://github.com/chefhippie/vagrant.git vagrant
https://github.com/chefhippie/vim.git vim
https://github.com/chefhippie/virtmanager.git virtmanager
https://github.com/chefhippie/virtualbox.git virtualbox
https://github.com/chefhippie/windowmanager.git windowmanager
https://github.com/chefhippie/workstation.git workstation
https://github.com/chefhippie/x11utils.git x11utils
https://github.com/chefhippie/xca.git xca
https://github.com/chefhippie/xinetd.git xinetd
https://github.com/chefhippie/xrdp.git xrdp
https://github.com/chefhippie/yad.git yad
https://github.com/chefhippie/zypper.git zypper
https://github.com/edelight/chef-solo-search chef-solo-search
